feat(curriculum): add animations to block 3.2 of the English Curriculum (#54033)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/21-a2-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-talk-about-hobbies-and-interests/657e786b51f7eac240e92bcc.md

# --description--

> The phrase `would you like` is a polite way to offer something or ask someone if they want something. If you are offering something, you can name it after the expression `would you like`. For example, you might say `Would you like some coffee?` when offering coffee to a guest. If you are offering to do something, for example, `going shopping`, don't forget to add a `to` between the expression and the action. For example: `Would you like to go shopping?`. Finally, if you are asking someone if you should do something for them, use `me` between `would you like` and `to`. For example: `Would you like me to make some coffee?`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The phrase `would you like` is a polite way to offer something or ask someone if they want something. When offering something, you can specify it directly after the expression `would you like`. For instance, you might ask `Would you like some coffee?` when offering coffee to a guest. 
If you are proposing to do something, such as `going shopping`, remember to include `to` between the expression and the action. For example: `Would you like to go shopping?`.
Finally, if you are asking someone if you should do something for them, insert `me` between `would you like` and `to`. For example: `Would you like me to make some coffee?`.
```
